It's a pity it ended up like this
The story of the fallen prince
So pitiful
Big brother big brother
Go away
Didn't you say you'd listen to me the most?
I'll let you go now
Go, go
younger brother
What are you doing, wild girl?
Do men and women know different things?
Who is willing to serve you?
Is the last medicine on the table for you?
Silver deceiving you is really a monster
What's the point of approaching me?
You say
Who sent you?
Don't move, stupid!
If you move again, I will really kill you.
Humph, kill, kill
Aren't you afraid of death?
Little Prince
When can fake knives still kill?
Ouch, where did this poor little prince come from?
I can't even afford a real knife.
Hum
shikoku
Can't be humiliated